Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What's the point of shooting
if you're not gonna
read the conditions?
It's mindless.
Look. it's 10 knots northerly.
The conditions at the flag...
The conditions of the flag
do not represent the conditions
of the target.
Yes. I know.
Right. So if you understand it.
make your adjustments.
Block it.
Okay. now feel the wind.
Look for a pattern.
Ten knots.
Twelve knots.
Fifteen.
Just feel it.
Don't you have
anything better to do?
If you can't take the feedback.
how are you gonna improve?
Sharp shooting!
Kids. you're late for school.
Go on. Don't forget tomorrow
we're doing lunch here.
I'm gonna cook up
a feed for her birthday.
Oh. you don't have to do that.
I'm 16. not five.
Remember?
I'd be keen to come along.
no matter what she says
about your cooking.
School.
Okay. See ya.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
She just sucks.
I assume
you didn't tell her
about tonight. then.
Shit no.
that's tomorrow's problem.
Good point.
G'day there.
Mrs. Kris Hendricks. right?
Peter Phillips.
That was
a high-stress situation.
You didn't flinch.
They told me you'd do that.
They all flinched.
I represent foreign interests.
corporate farmers.
What company is that?
Well. come on now.
That would be pillow talk.
wouldn't it?
Look at this.
A hundred and thirty hectares
at three and a half per.
That gives you 350.000
clear after debts.
It's a fresh start. Kris.
It's not for sale. mate.
Everything has a price.
Watch out for the cow shit.
You've got 10 seconds to tell me
who you are. Mr. Phillips.
Seven seconds.
Five seconds.
And another one for the bullet
to pass through your body.
Who are you?!
Fuck. fuck. fuck...
He's coming.
Voodoo Child.
Long live The Dragon.
Hello. Barren Back High School.
Oh. hi.
This is Kris Hendricks.
Anja's mother.
- Mrs. Hendricks.
- Listen.
there's been a family emergency.
so I'm gonna be
coming in early today.
Oh. well.
that will be tricky.
Anja hasn't been to school
for almost two weeks now.
And we have tried.
but you are very difficult--
Where are you?
- It's me.
- Voodoo.
-It's me. okay?
-Been a long time.
-Missed you.
-Yeah. missed you too.
Situation?
He's alive.
100%.
You're sure?
I just buried
one of his men.
He said.
"Long live The Dragon."
just before I put
a bullet in his head.
Sixteen years.
you're still chasing ghosts.
It could be some lunatic
chasing an old bounty.
trading on The Dragon's name.
On my life. Dog.
it's him.
What do you need?
Ex-snipers. our team.
As many as you can get.
Oh.
that's a hell of an ask.
Kris. half the team's gone.
Some won't fight again.
some can't.
You've been
off the grid a long time.
Make it work.
I'll send coordinates.
There's a marked-up map
of the property.
Now. he'll come
under the cover of dark.
Maybe tonight
if he's moved straight away.
Fine.
I'll be there. but hear me.
If this really is a ghost hunt.
it's gonna cost you big time.
Hey. it's Anja.
Sorry I can't take your call.
I'm not actually ignoring you--
Hello. it's Michael.
Sorry I can't get to the phone.
Anja. I need you to call me.
I know you haven't been
at school.
I don't care
about that right now.
I just need you to call me
and tell me where you are.
Michael. are you with Anja?
Please. I need Anja to call me.
Just come home.
It's urgent.
Anja!
Okay.
Fuck off.
Hi. Jen.
It's Kris.
Um. listen. do you know
if the kids are together?
I'm really just trying
to get hold of Anja.
Yeah. so if you hear anything.
can you gimme a call?
Thanks.
I'm not gonna marry you. though.
Yeah. I didn't think you would.
I'm not taking it off. though.
I didn't think you would.
Almost as good as this.
Come on.
We're going
for lunch later anyway.
A chopper buzzed
our heads. Michael.
It's probably just roo shooters.
I wanna know
what's going on.
Just stay here.
-I'll be right back.
-It's your birthday.
I love what you've done
with the place. Voodoo.
How's the nightlife?
Where's Angelo?
Guatemala or Colombia.
Retired to the drug trade
or got married.
I can't remember which.
Where's Dokic?
He's a chef in Perth.
Who do you think I am?
ASIS. the CIA. the UN?
-This is it.
-Nine ex-snipers
with time on the ground.
Sixteen years ago
it was nine snipers.
Now all that's left
is a reputation.
Look. you needed ex-soldiers
who were within range
of getting here ASAP.
This is Australia. isn't it?
Not exactly around the corner
for the rest of the world.
Now make it worth it. will you?
Besides that chopper
cost me 20K.
I'll cover it.
Yeah. I can see
you've done real well
for yourself out here. soldier.
Jeez. you must
be pretty fucking certain
it's not The Dragon or you
wouldn't have brought him along.
He's trained. He'll stay back.
I wanted to come.
New security job isn't quite
hitting the same.
Nothing wrong with security.
Face of an angel.
just like his dad.
Kris Hendricks.
No relation to Jimi...
Hendrix. yeah.
Over there is.
on the crest. is Milk.
I'm sure you have
no trouble recognizing him
from the old unit.
And over there is Kalda.
She's ex-KFOR. possibly Italian.
Who knows? Doesn't say much.
And this is Nico.
We did some good in Afghanistan
and now he...
he contracts for me.
All ex-military. All good to go.
Voodoo Child. like the song.
Hey. Nico.
You did not say this mission
involved Voodoo Child.
I said it's a security detail.
serve and protect.
-It's The Dragon.
-The Dragon's dead.
I don't go up against
The Dragon for a favor.
She needs to be paranoid.
Well. of course
she needs to be paranoid.
There's a $10 million bounty
on her fucking head.
I might as well
take her out myself.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
This is a death watch.
We've seen enough of them.
There wasn't time
for full disclosure.
You didn't ask questions.
I was doing you a favor. mate.
Nico.
Nico!
Is that true?
The Dragon's dead. Junior.
He was calling himself
Phillips. real estate agent.
He had a bloody business card
and everything.
That's north?
He sent off a message
via his cell phone.
Trashed it before he died.
Oh. 10 million
attracts a lot of crazies.
Even if there's
no one left to pay it.
Soon enough one of us
is gonna be dead.
Then we'll know
The Dragon has arrived.
Yeah. well. um.
I'm a little bit rusty.
I did spend some time
in the south.
Where are you from?
Sydney.
You do understand
who's out there. don't you?
I understand that
I'm here to protect
a mother and her kid.
Why is this here?
Contact. 700 meters
slight right of my access.
Target moving left to the right
in the tree line.
Clear to engage?
It's her.
-It's her.
-Okay. we got a 15-year-old
still out there somewhere.
Do not engage until
subject is verified. roger?
She's 16.
It's her birthday.
Good hunting. KD.
Cover the front. Junior.
Hold your fire.
- She's a friendly. confirm?
- Copy.
I'm gonna put one in the tree.
Make her get down.
- Relay?
- Hold positions. hold.
Probing fire from my position.
Say again.
Probing fire only. Send it.
Get down.
Go on. get down.
Oh. shit!
She's been hit.
Shot fired.
Report. shot fired.
identify.
Where's that shot from?
Anja? Anja?
- Yeah?
- Mmm.
I'm Nico.
That was your mom
telling you to stay down.
There's gonna be somebody
over there who's gonna come here
and grab you.
but you've gotta stay low.
-Yeah?
-Okay.
This is a bad place now.
It's not somewhere
for you to be.
Just stick by your mom
no matter what you see.
Okay.
Stay here.
Anja's safe.
She's unharmed
and waiting for retrieval.
Anja?
Mom. what's happening?
Hey.
I won't go.
Hide that shit.
All right?
Now. get it together. girl.
Let's go.
- Friendly's incoming.
- Copy.
All right. so this is Malcolm.
People call him White Dog.
That's Junior. he's my son.
We've got a situation.
There's a boy out there alone.
I'm gonna have to go get him.
Mom. what... what's going on?
Put some clothes on. Stay low.
Ah. just hold there. fella.
Dad. just relax.
Fucking hell.
Okay. you all right?
So...
There's a man out there
looking for revenge
for something that happened
a long time ago.
These people are here to help.
They're from the Army.
They don't look like medics.
You weren't a medic. were you?
I have medical training.
Okay. you're gonna have to
tell me where you've been hiding
when you've been
skipping school.
The western edge
near the Sullivan's boundary.
Oh. shit.
I want to come.
I have to get to Michael.
No. you stay here. You're safe.
I will trust these people
with your life.
Dad!
White Dog
is dead.
Kal. get to the house now.
You need to
get out of here right now.
What about Michael?
It's Milk.
I'm in position.
Copy that.
We need to draw him out
before he moves.
I can use the head wound
to figure out
The Dragon's position.
Yep.
It's not a 50.
It's a 7.62 NATO.
Range around 600 meters.
Stop.
It's too compromised.
It's not gonna work.
All right. we'll use him
as a target.
See if we can draw fire.
Come on. come on.
No!
Anja. stay down.
Milk. Kal's been hit.
Where's your girl?
In her room.
- Milk's AC.
- Where are you going?
Where are you going?
No. No. no. no. no. no.
No...
Mom. we have to call someone.
We have to call someone.
-We will.
-No. no.
We will.
The dingoes
will get him out here.
We have to make sure that
he's safe. Mom.
-This isn't okay.
-We're gonna stay with him.
No. no.
We're gonna stay
with him tonight. all right?
Junior.
Junior. kill the light.
Stevie. it's Junior.
We need immediate evac
from the drop point.
Dragon's here and
he's dropping bodies.
No.
No. no. No. no. What do
you mean. "call the cops"?
Dad is dead.
Kaldayev's dead.
Immediate fucking evac!
0700 hours. roger.
Should we call the cops?
Why don't you just...
keep your head down?
See if we can't get
through the night. hey?
Are we even safe here?
It's too dark to move.
We'll wait till first light.
I don't know you at all. do I?
Well. that's not true.
Have you killed a lot of people?
You knew I was a soldier.
How many?
Or are you not allowed
to talk about it?
You know. you're just...
too fucking traumatized
or something?
How many?
Hundred and sixteen.
Verified.
Does that include. um.
does that include Michael?
This is what he'd want.
You. me. Michael like this.
Yeah. he'd be figuring
that the trauma
of spending the night out here
with a loved one will compromise
my psychological readiness.
First you survive.
Then you've gotta
live with yourself.
Except you disappeared.
I called you so many times.
The PX tent. Private Milk.
He said you were deployed.
but I knew he was lying.
I kept calling. one week. two.
I kept calling every single day.
Plus 96-444-5938-0025.
RAR. Private Milk. Anja?
Milk would always
read me bedtime stories.
You never did that.
Mom. what's happening?
Could be a friendly.
Run. get back to the house.
You can't escape him.
You're safer in here with me
than out there. trust me.
In case you get close.
I'm sorry.
Damn you. Dragon.
Up you get.
You know. you should have
seen me coming. Right?
I made it this far.
Yeah. Yeah. you did.
Why are you doing this?
To claim what's mine.
She's not like us.
Yeah. she is.
Please...
Please just leave her.
No.
One by one. I'll take
the rest of your team down
and when I kill you. I'll take
her home where she belongs
and make her forget
you ever existed.
You know the game.
This bandana.
Shot for shot.
All right.
Two is one and one is none.
Oh. fuck.
Oh. shit.
Wait. wait. Junior.
Shit.
Fuck!
We gotta move.
He fucking shot me.
Oh. fuck.
Show me. Show me. Where?
Am I gonna die?
-Maybe.
-Oh. shit.
I never wanted to come here.
Oh. fuck.
All right. we gotta go.
I wanna get you
back to the house.
Fuck.
We're gonna go six o'clock
west backwards.
Okay. you ready?
-Yeah.
-Let's go.
-Okay. Yeah.
-Come on. Come on!
Six o'clock. 500.
then west up the hill.
-Okay?
-I can't.
Junior. you fucking move!
Fucking move now!
Oh. Jesus. we gotta get moving.
We gotta get outta here.
or we're gonna die.
Don't leave me. please.
We're gonna die.
Voodoo. it's Nico.
On your six. hold your position.
Don't tell my dad.
I won't.
I've never shot anyone.
That's good.
I just bought a dog.
Did you hit him?
I missed. he's on the move.
Is he...
What is it? Three kilometers?
We can make it.
- Stay put.
- Okay.
Put him down. get him down.
Get down.
Nico!
It's encrypted.
You're gonna wanna eat that.
You'll need your energy.
It's gonna be a long day.
♪ Incy wincy spider
Went up the waterspout ♪
Private Milk!
Yes.
Private Milk.
I saw something amazing once.
Your mom... in Iraq.
Two psychopaths
on the back of a motorbike
with a chest full of plastic.
Explosives.
They were screaming
and coming towards us
and everyone's
shooting and missing.
But your mom. she took
her time to change her ammo
to an armor-piercing round.
Boom. Two kills. one shot.
Never seen anything like it.
In all that chaos.
your mom...
she just took her time.
We spoke about you a lot
when we were in camp.
My boyfriend is dead. Milk.
He's out there
alone under a tree.
Milk!
-I need your help here.
-Coming.
Okay. There you go.
come on. we've got you.
Yes. that's it.
There you go. mate.
Okay. got it.
This is a lot of blood.
I'll get something for the pain.
We made it back. mate.
You're gonna be all right.
I'm gonna try
and clean this.
and then I'll need you
to apply pressure.
Okay?
Jesus. he's made a hell of
a mess of your six-pack.
hasn't he. mate?
We should get on the move.
Keep Anja safe.
She is safe.
You spoke to him.
And he let you live?
All is well. All is well.
All is well. There's only good
that will come.
We're all safe. we're all safe.
I know why.
You said I'm safe.
- Anja. Anja.
- I'm gonna get help.
Anja. Anja!
No!
He's not gonna hurt her
until he has no choice.
Fuck it. I'm going.
Milk!
She's safe...
because she's his daughter.
You remember that UN
mission in the Sar Mountains
16 years ago.
when my team was ambushed
and captured by rebels?
Well. The Dragon
was their warlord.
The men in our team
were executed.
The women were kept alive.
When The Dragon
found out who I was...
...forced me into his duels.
Red bandana. shot for shot.
Win. you live.
lose. you die.
When the time came.
I executed a plan.
Compound was bombed.
I got out alive.
but I carried
a piece of him with me.
Anja.
He's come to take her home.
Well. okay then.
Then you better go to her.
He's too good.
Under 700. he's too good.
I've got his number.
I'll find him
and I'll shoot him...
or he'll shoot me.
You're her mother.
Don't you dare let her go.
When I'm done...
light it up.
Jesus.
For fuck's sakes. get in!
Anja!
Get in!
Stay down.
Mom. are you okay? Mom?
I'm okay.
Anja. stay down.
-Stay down.
-Where's Milk?
Milk. The Dragon's here.
Milk!
Stop. Anja!
He's safe. he's safe!
Anja.
Oi.
Let him go.
Let Milk live.
You have no idea
what you are. do you?
All right. one can live.
Your Milk or your mom.
You get to choose.
All right?
Get up. get up.
Put your fucking gun down.
Thank you.
Here.
Here you go.
Give this to your mom.
She knows what comes next.
Mom. what's happening?
We're gonna trade shots.
You've got no scope.
I've got you.
Take it.
Two is one.
One is none.
Together. we survive.
All right.
Call it.
He's 950. maybe.
Uphill. maybe five meters.
Wind?
Um... nothing. maybe four knots.
Um. you're two meters to
the left. and you're five short.
Okay.
Get behind the truck.
All right. give me the wind.
Um. five knots steady.
No. um. three.
Breathe.
Gusting five to three.
Okay. look for a pattern.
Three knots.
Five. Five. Three. Five. five.
Two knots. five knots.
Three knots. five.
five. three. five knots.
three knots. five. five.
Three.
You missed! Mom. you missed.
Mom. can you please just hide?
Mom. he will kill you.
You hit him.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm